This is for my da. My poor da.
Who are you? I'm Lieutenant
Colonel Bill Stirling.
My brother was the
midwife of this regiment.
I refuse to be its coroner.
He's changed the
name of the regiment.
Giving them a new and
even more effective way
of committing suicide.
Men of the newly-formed
Special Raiding Squadron...
SAS. now and always!
Tomorrow. you deploy here.
The southeastern tip of Sicily.
I've a baby I've never seen!
Stop! Stop the boat!
No!
Buddy. we've got room.
Cut him loose or I
shoot him! Don't!
I'm sorry. Don't do
that! I'm sorry. No!
My suspicion was that on July
9th. something was planned
which you were not sharing
with your French allies.
It is the SRS who are
spearheading the operation.
We left those men to drown!
This is just the snout.
It is our job to take the whole
hog. right the way up to the tail.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Paddy. we have less than
three minutes to clear these
positions before the rest of
the boys land. Reggie...
..are you familiar with
the Irish folk tale
about the Salmon of Knowledge?
No. Paddy. I don't know
the Irish folk tale...
Basically. a wee tale
that explains why
the common man. like you and I.
are smarter than those high-born
sons of bitches who
try to rule over us.
Not really in the mood for
folk tales right now. Paddy.
Why not? Because a German
soldier is looking right at us.
So. there was a salmon
in the River Boyne. and it had
all the knowledge of the world
locked up inside its
flesh and scales.
And a nobleman called Fineagas
spent seven years of his life
trying to catch
this famous salmon.
with nets and hooks and
the whole kit and caboodle.
We go soon.
Yes? And eventually.
he caught the salmon
and gave it to his ragged-arsed
little servant called Fionn Mac.
And he said. "You cook
this frigging fish.
"but you do not..."
Less than two minutes.
Paddy. "..you do not. you
ragged-arsed little bastard.
"take a bite of
it. or even taste
"the flesh. because
the fish is mine
"and the knowledge is mine. and
whoever tastes this fish first
"gains all the
knowledge of the world."
If you're not careful. they will
hear the bollocks you are talking.
and you are talking
bollocks in English. So.
Fionn Mac. the servant.
cooks the fish.
and to check that it's cooked.
he presses the flesh
with his thumb.
Waiting for the word. Paddy.
But the servant burns his
thumb on the flesh of the fish.
so he sucks his burnt thumb
and. in doing so. he sucked
the fat of the fish off it.
And so. all the
knowledge of the world
went to the ragged-arsed
servant. Fionn Mac.
Which is why. to this day.
babies suck their thumbs.
and poor people have
all the answers.
We need to go now. Paddy.
Dead-on.
Grenade! Shit!
Move!
Turn around. On your knees.
Snell!
Get on the ground.
You're too young to smoke.
Get down!
Where the fuck is everybody?
Prisoners say the main German
unit shipped out yesterday.
Perhaps they know something
about this town we don't.
No. we got the place
to ourselves. buddy.
Jimmy... HE WHISTLES
Cigarettes. nein.
Cigarettes? Aye. very funny.
The last man said that.
Mac. check the left.
Davey. hoist that there.
so our friends in the Royal
Navy know that their services
are no longer required.
No looting!
Not until I give the word. Sir.
Right. listen in.
We'll rest here tonight.
Then. at first
light. we press...
Slainte!
Booze. food. no people.
..at first light. we press north to
Cannizzaro to secure the Castello
rail head. as per our orders.
Cannizzaro will be defended.
so go easy tonight.
Eat what food you can find.
We move out at 04:00.
so get some bloody sleep.
for Christ's sakes.
Take cover.
Basement shelters. I'd say.
Keep your bleeding
eyes peeled. all right?
Reggie. go take a
wee look around.
Here.
Really. Paddy?
I just want to let those
of you who might care
know that I have every intention
of taking every piece of gold.
silver and other valuables from
this church for my own profit.
And if any of yous have a problem
with that. then I will refrain
from giving you your share when
I sell the stuff in Naples.
Paddy. for some of us. this
is still the house of God.
Pope Pius XII is good
friends with Mussolini
and has a direct line to
Chancellor Hitler himself.
It's not God that's got my goat.
Putting your gun up
there is bad luck. Paddy.
That thing there?
That's nothing but oak.
Christ is in here.
Paddy. you'd better come.
He speaks English.
but not very well.
Father. it's me again.
"Father"?
No. no. no. no. no. Fuck that.
You are not my father.
You are a drunk. in a blanket.
who preaches before
a flag I despise.
What are you doing hiding here.
and where is everybody
else in this town?
They told everyone to leave
and they asked me to stay.
Paddy. what the fuck is the
matter with you?! I don't think
he likes priests. Who
asked you to stay?
The people who own this town.
English.
They wanted me to stay.
to give the American a message.
We are not American.
Paddy...
Oh. for fuck's sake!
What is your message?
They wanted me to stay to...
to say that you are welcome.
that they want to
help the Americans.
You call us American again.
I'll fucking shoot you. right?
Who is your message from?
The message is from Cosa Nostra.
Paddy. in New York and Chicago.
they're known as Mafia.
You've heard of Al Capone?
Well. they're worse.
They hate the Germans as much
as us. so they could be useful.
It's the Mafia that owns
this little town of Augusta.
So... We should be concerned?
Paddy. yeah. we
should be cautious.
They want to sit down with
you at the long table.
They want to break
bread and drink wine.
They... They know things.
They see things.
They can help you
in the mountains.
Er. you. you. you
look like the boss.
Aye. right. I AM the boss.
Capo dei capi is the
boss of the mountains.
This is his church.
He would like to meet you.
Right.
Well. you tell your Cosa Nostra.
Mafia. capo dei capi boss
to stick his broken bread
and wine bottles up
his fucking hole.
Bombardment seems to be over.
Right.
We'll be sleeping in here.
in this house of God.
Considering this
town is so poor.
didn't he build a nice. big
fucking place for himself?
At precisely 4am.
I will be firing
live rounds in here
to wake you fuckers up.
Does anybody have
an issue with that?
You hurt things in here.
you hurt our hearts.
Fuck's sake!
How's your heart?
You know. sometimes.
you're like a wee boy.
just seeing how far you can go.
Oh. I intend to go
all the way to Berlin.
That's how far I can go.
Then I will ask for forgiveness.
Right now. I'm going
to go for a walk.
see if I can't find me a bank.
All right?
Shouldn't you at least have given
that soldier a decent burial?
Had he been faster than me.
had he been more
accurate than me.
had he been less afraid than me.
then he would have consigned
me to the mercy of the crabs
and the eels and the
worms just the same.
How did you get here? By dinghy.
Tried to get here in time
for the fun and games.
Fun and games are
in short supply.
We're expecting plenty
tomorrow. though.
Cannizzaro.
Hmm. I'm sure you'll show up
once the fighting is over.
Yes. Paddy. er. if you're not too
tired. maybe we could sit down
with a glass of wine and
discuss exactly why it is
that I've been sent here. Hmm?
Italy's most prestigious naval
academy was located here.
I'm sure there are lots of
very well-stocked wine cellars.
Unfortunately. I have a very
early start in the morning.
We move out at four.
No. you don't. Paddy. you
don't move out at four.
The attack on Cannizzaro's
been postponed.
We're waiting for the
Americans to make their landing
further up the coast. and
that has been delayed.
"Postponed. Delayed".
I remember those words. This is
a large-scale invasion. Paddy.
We must only move as part
of a coordinated strategy.
So. what you're saying is
we have been stood down.
No. What I'm saying is
we hold our position in Augusta
and await further orders. like
soldiers do in time of war.
If no-one gives me a war.
I tend to make a war of my own.
It is no-one's job to
give you a war to fight.
a bone to chew. a body to kick.
'Tis with the bodies I belong.
By the way. Paddy. I'm now
the ranking officer here.
which means that you can
amuse yourself playing
the rebel injured peasant. which
I know is your preferred pastime.
but the last word lies with me.
In Berlin...
..I will ask for forgiveness.
Just leave it by
the door. please.
I have chocolates. cigarettes.
books...
..and messages from home.
You stopped my heart.
I can. I can feel you.
so this isn't... a dream.
I was given permission by
General de Gaulle himself.
The SOE run a network
out of Switzerland.
They had Carmelite
papers made for me.
I took a train from
Geneva. SHE CHUCKLES
OK. um. when the sisters are here.
guards patrol every five minutes.
Oh.
Enough time to say I
love you. I love you.
Is that it? Is that the reason
you came? Yes. and to make love.
What? How long now?
Four and a half. So
we have time. Help me.
You mean the whole thing? "The
whole thing" sounds very English!
HE CHUCKLES I mean.
yes. the whole thing.
When we are back in England. we will
always call sex "the whole thing".
We must do this efficiently.
Yes. militarily.
This bloody dress is booby-trapped.
They make these things complicated.
Designed to delay.
To prevent. But we
are unstoppable.
I can't believe you took a train
from Geneva. Ow!
Oh. Jesus! This is
the most insane construction.
David. also there's something
I need to tell you. Shh...
I'll tell you afterwards.
Oh. absolutely.
Afterwards.
Right. OK.
Tell me what you
have got to tell me.
The British have become worse
since the Americans joined the war.
They're like a little private
club and they tell us nothing.
So. David...
..I'm going to move
closer to the front line.
I'm on my way there.
I diverted to see you.
From here. I'm travelling on
a Portuguese visa to Sicily.
The British and Americans
are moving north.
to Cannizzaro. towards Palermo.
I'm planning to join
your regiment. David.
Because they're always first
anywhere. and they know me.
and I think they trust me.
At least. I will get as
close to them as I can get.
You will join my
brother. in Sicily.
You will join my brother. yes?
Yes. he's in command now.
It will make things easier.
Oh. he is in command now.
actually. because it was my idea.
I want you to write to
him. In code. of course -
I'm sure you have a code -
and I want you to tell him
to accept me and help me.
Everything for a reason. Always.
What? What reason?
Divert on a train to ask
me to make an introduction
to my famously
charming older brother.
so that he may serve the
purpose that I once served.
while I sit here and read about
it in letters from you both. hmm?
I never know when English
people are joking.
Well. this Scottish person
is certainly not joking.
Unless it is I. myself.
who is the joke.
David. what the fuck are
saying? He's your brother.
My older. calmer. more
sophisticated brother.
And while I rot in my cell.
you will do whatever is
necessary for the cause.
You fucking dare to talk to me
like that! You fucking dare!
I must go.
Eve...
..I'm sorry.
VOICE OUTSIDE CELL: Andiamo!
OK.
Please. look. look at me.
I will write to him.
I love you. Oh.
God. I love you...
..and it fucking tortures me.
LOCK RATTLES
Il orario e scaduto.
Andiamo.
Aspetta!
Oh. God!
I will dig my way out
of here like a dog...
..and I will be with you.
I swear I will.
Cock-a-doodle-doo!
Paddy has found a bell to ring.
He wants us all to gather.
We survived 4am.
How? Aye. er. we got stood down.
That's why he's
hanging on a bell rope.
Like the lonely fucking
hunchback he is inside his soul.
From now on.
if you hear this bell.
that means I've had an idea...
..which mostly. for
you. will be bad news.
because I am not in
a good frame of mind.
and the only people for me to
take my fury out on is you.
So. my ideas tend
toward the devilish.
If you look across the square -
look there. that open doorway -
inside there is a foundry.
where invisible irons and
shackles are being forged.
keeping us imprisoned in
this wee fucking town.
And the officer who's perched by
that doorway is the blacksmith
who forges those irons.
Paddy. what the fuck
are you talking about?
Since we are stuck on this
church-infested slab of a rock
for who knows how long. we will
have to keep ourselves entertained.
I've already shot a cockerel.
Paddy. and there's goats.
That is to say
you'll be free to entertain
yourselves in the afternoons.
Because in the mornings.
before it gets too hot.
we. the men of the Special
Air Service. will train.
Ready for the moment when
the great chain-makers.
and holders and keepers.
and stand-us-DOWNERS.
are ready to put us once
more back into the barrel
of the British crossbow and fire
us into the heart of the enemy!
Those of you paying attention
will know by now that that means
I've had an idea. So.
here is that idea.
Do you see yon mountain?
My idea is... we -
the men of the SAS -
are going to climb
said mountain.
Jesus Christ!
Now. this town is deserted.
but the guide books say
you must take extra care of
your valuables at all times.
So we will be gathering
up all of our equipment.
and our pack. and our weapons.
and we will be carrying it all up
the mountain with us. on our backs.
I suspect some of you
will come to really dread
the tolling of the bell.
But fuck me. ring. it will -
until we are set free to be the
beasts we are in the noble cause.
Right. we move in
ten. No dicking about.
All right. you heard him. Move.
Paddy! Are you coming
climbing with us?
I've received a complaint
about your behaviour.
In the church. From the priest.
The priest who was drunk in
a blanket when I woke him up.
You hung your machinegun
on the shoulders of Christ.
You shot bullets
inside the church.
Why did the drunken
priest complain to you?
I thought he and I had established
that I am the boss round here. Ah.
Perhaps he detected some indefinable
air of a more ancient authority.
The crown and pips on
my shoulder. and this...
..made him think he
could confide in me.
You're not fighting in the desert
any more. Paddy. You have to get
used to being
around human beings.
My job is to take human beings
and turn them into animals.
or turn them into
food for animals.
Paddy. when you get
back down the mountain.
there will be 150 new men here.
A whole new detachment is
being deployed to Augusta.
They're coming
here to be trained.
Now. the plan was that you would
have been gone north by now
and there would have been no
overlap or potential for friction.
Obviously. there will
now be an overlap.
but there will be no
need for friction.
Why would there be friction?
Because you are you.
And because the
new detachment...
..is called 2SAS.
The 2nd Special Air
Service Regiment.
Yes.
They're men chosen from
the Commando units.
who fought in North
Africa. Men chosen by me
to replicate your achievements
and serve as backup.
So. the name SAS is
stolen for your own use.
while the men who made it famous are
hidden behind a more obscure title.
Yes. the universe
is a conspiracy
against you. Paddy. No. the
universe takes care of itself.
as far as I see. It's those less
capable. but more fortunately born.
who seem to have
an issue with me.
The new men have heard that
you'll still be here in town
when they arrive and they're rather
excited to see the originals.
"The originals". In actual
fact. you are their heroes.
And it's you who is in command
of this stolen regiment.
It was my brother. David. who
recommended that I take command.
And the ragged-arse servant
Finn Mac sucked his thumb...
..and said. "How do I just know
that this is going to end badly?"
We move!
Right. fall in.
Troop!
Shun!
By the right. quick march!
Left. right. left. right.
left. right. left. right. left.
right. left. right. left.
♪ If the kids are united
♪ They will never be divided!
♪ If the kids were united
♪ They would never be divided! ♪
Do not lay your packs
down without my order.
We do not rest until we
have achieved our goal.
Paddy. we've been up
that fucking mountain
and we've come down
that fucking mountain -
that WAS our goal. No!
Our goal was spiritual.
You may not think it.
but I took yous up that mountain
for good fucking reason.
Our advance was postponed.
The Americans delayed us.
and the earth shook
with my wrath!
So I led us all up the mountain.
and from the top. we
looked across Italy.
And from our high viewpoint.
we realised that there is a greater
strategy to which we are subordinate.
And in the cool mountain air.
didn't we accept
that we are pawns
in a much bigger game?
And now. our fury
has diminished. Yes?
Yes.
Thus. we have achieved our goal.
Reg has found his missus!
My back was breaking.
so I used my head.
Do you see this donkey?
This donkey represents
the philosophy that
I am trying to
instil in yous all.
Reggie. where did you find
the cash to buy this beast?
From the collection
tin in the church. sir.
Even fucking better!
Initiative. followed
by initiative.
And the prize. one of
nature's finest beasts.
"With monstrous head
and sickening cry.
"and ears like errant wings.
"The devil's walking parody.
on all four-footed things.
"The tattered outlaw of the
earth. of ancient crooked will.
"Starve. scourge!
"Deride me: I am dumb..."
Fucking hell! Get
down! Get down!
Fucker up there!
Fuck is that?! That was
not a German carbine.
Nah. it's a shitty
wee .22 rifle.
Fucking hell!
Get to fuck!
Riley!
What did he fucking say?
It's a quote!
A quote from who?
From you!
Educated guess.
I'd say we're sharing the beach
with the Sicilian Mafia.
Andiamo. ragazzi!
What the fuck is that?
Wait. Paddy! Leave it.
Look. if you shoot at it. we will
make enemies we don't need to have.
Paddy. we're on the same
side. for fuck's sake.
Have a look at the glasses. lad.
Ciao. Inglese!
Well...
..I don't know about
the rest of you. but
this beach rather
reminds me of Margate.
Fuck it.
I'm going for a dip.
Wa-hey-hey! Wa-ay!
By the way. Pad. they got away
with my pack. so technically.
that is still my donkey.
Wa-ay! Ha-ha-ha!
I'm coming!
Smile. chaps!
To be so terrifically
well-housed would almost be
something of an
embarrassment for my men.
It's our wish to
welcome you to Augusta.
Oh. thank you.
Here. allow me.
You are very different
to the other one.
Yes. we are.
Very different. He
has made enemies.
The town seems empty. but
there are always eyes looking.
Well. he'll not be
here much longer.
I've received new orders.
He and his men move
out in the morning.
Fuck! I'm looking for
a man of the cloth.
And I am also looking
for a stolen donkey.
Let's find that glass of wine and
clear the air. shall we. Paddy?
That is them.
That is 2SAS.
That is who will come next.
Aye. when 1SAS are laid to rest.
So there ARE people here. It's a
very traditional island. Paddy.
There are sensitivities
regarding women and soldiers.
That's why they
emptied the town.
This town fits me like
a vice around my skull.
and this priest here keeps
turning the fucking handle.
I feel very much that
you don't like me.
or don't like what I am.
or do not like God.
All of the above.
apart from the last.
To peace. To peace.
To submission of the vanquished.
I'm told this
morning. on the beach.
they could have taken
your life twice.
They missed you on purpose.
It was a warning. They took some
things that don't belong to them.
Paddy...
..Father Cavalli says
they want to meet to talk.
Before we embark for Sicily. we
were given an unofficial briefing.
We were encouraged to have
our units make contact with.
and make use of. organised
criminal elements on the island
of Sicily who were
persecuted by Mussolini.
This is a conversation I no
longer wish to continue with.
I am a soldier. And you're moving
out tomorrow. Paddy. New orders.
No-one wants you in Augusta any
longer than you have to be here.
Then I will go and
begin to prepare my men.
Wait there!
Attention!
Stand to fucking
attention. would you?!
I have been briefed to develop
strategic ties with the Mafia
on this island. I am passing
that briefing on to you
as a direct order. I think your
new boys deserve a glass of water.
It's awfully hot down there.
Before you move out tomorrow.
you will leave behind a legacy
of goodwill which the units who
follow will take advantage of.
You will meet them
and the Resistance.
You will break bread with them.
Tomorrow morning. before you pull
out. you'll meet them for breakfast.
Ahh...
There is a long table
that I will lay.
You will make peace. on behalf
of the entire British Army.
That is an order.
But first. you will recover
from the humiliating fact that
today. on a beach. they could have
taken your life. but chose not to.
Twice.
Your friends have
a donkey and a pack
that belongs to one of my men.
You have one hour to tie it to the
railings of the Chiesa Madre church.
or I will come and
take it back myself.
Nel nome del Padre e del
Figlio e dello Spirito Santo.
Fucking langer.
And left... Shun!
Stand up...
East!
Parade...
Shun!
Would you like to
inspect the men. sir?
They've got me bashing
the square. sir.
Said they needed someone who
knew what the bloody hell
they were doing. So they resorted
to a spent old fucker like you?
Aye. Escaped a prison camp.
And in my relief and elation.
I foolishly volunteered.
But. Paddy. with respect.
Stand easy.
May I request that
you do what you can
to get me the hell
out of this unit?
You have no faith in
the new incarnation?
Well. the issue. sir. is
that everyone involved in
this new regiment is sane.
Completely sane. Aye. I can see
how that would be hazardous.
They make considered decisions and
proceed according to logic. sir.
It's quite unnerving.
I have to go and
retrieve a stolen donkey.
and then have breakfast
with the Mafia.
Of course.
But after. I'll do what I can.
Thanks. sir.
Parade... Shun!
Last time. I can't do it.
You can do it. Come on!
Get aggressive.
Drive from your legs.
Come on.
Keep your back straight.
Lift. lift. lift.
lift. I'm lifting.
See the legs? Look. look.
look. Here. And. up!
Father!
Excuse me. Father.
Can I speak to you. please?
In private.
Come.
Thank you for this. Father.
Thank you.
I'm. um...
..sorry. Father. I. I
don't speak Italian.
I hope you can understand me.
God will understand.
What's your sin?
It can't be washed down
with brandy or wine.
I know. cos I've tried.
SNIFFLES
I still hear the voices. Father.
What voices?
Help! Please! Stop the boat!
They're leaving us to drown!
There was men in the water and...
and we could've saved them.
Please! Stop the boat!
I have a baby I've never seen!
Please. come back! Come back!
No!
We. we had room on our
boats and. you know.
we just went past them
and left 'em. like.
Why did you leave them?
We had orders. Father.
I still hear them orders when
I try and sleep at night.
You know. "Do not slow down.
"Do not come to their aid."
Yeah. we all hear the voices
at night. Father. you know.
I know that the other lads do as
well. but. you know. none of us
talk to each other
about it. like.
Oh. yeah. we can't
force them out.
HE SOBS
You know. we killed
them poor lads.
You know. we left them.
I rang the bell to signify that it
is cocktail hour. Sergeant Kershaw.
You disturb the
Sacrament of Penance.
"Beware ye of false priests who
come to you in sheep's clothing.
"but inwardly are
ravenous wolves."
Matthew. Chapter 5. Verse 15.
Thank you. Father.
La colazione e servita!
Very nice.
Keep your weapons at hand. boys.
Riley. translate any whispers.
McDiarmid. get your feet
off the fucking table.
We are the Resistance.
Giustizia e Liberta Brigade.
From Syracuse and
from the mountain.
Soldiers from the mountain.
OK.
We are the Special Air Service.
Beware of imitations.
Why don't you sit down?
We were told you invited others.
I was given orders to break
bread with the Resistance
and the people known
as the Cosa Nostra.
We are here. you are here...
But they are not here.
I rang the bell at eight. Perhaps
their timekeeping is poor.
They always arrive before they
are due. You work with them?
War blows you to strange places.
We're anarchists and communists.
They're scum. As are
we. as a matter of fact.
We were told you are
fighting together.
Until the war is over. we
will fight beside them.
Then we will see them hang.
One big happy fucking family
up there on the mountain!
Riley? Oh. the man in the
fancy hat here smells a rat.
Hey. darlin'. You
know I've killed
11 men since I last saw a woman.
Is that it. Jock?
Is that your romantic approach?
If you like. we can
talk without them.
Paddy. listen... Why
don't you take a seat?
Paddy! If they are
coming to a rendezvous.
they always send
children ahead to check.
Calm.
Why don't you have a
fucking drink. hmm?
Riley? Man in the fancy hat says
he doesn't trust the priest.
I may shake his hand.
HE COCKS GUN
Paddy. what the fuck is this?
Do you not hear that? Listen.
Hey! Hey! Listen! Listen!
Incoming!
Fuck!
Jock! On me!
Go! One. two. three!
They'll come back around!
Take positions!
Right. Jock... Take cover!
Shit. shit. shit. shit!
PLANES QUIETEN
Here we go. hold! Hold.
Go!
Magazine in!
Loaded!
Yes!
That Stuka is mine.
huh? I claim it.
It's number eight for me.
You keep count?
I keep count.
Cosa Nostra have no
real allegiances.
For them. everything
is personal.
They gave you up to the Germans.
What did you do to
offend them. huh?
Paddy. the lady
asked you a question.
This breakfast
was not my idea...
..but it has taught me a lesson.
Be selective about the
orders that you obey.
Oh. that was close. man.
Where's that priest? He's gone.
Gone where?
North. across the front line.
And he's with the Germans.
So. he set the breakfast table
and then called the Luftwaffe.
I smelt collaboration on
his breath under the wine.
Your commanding officer saw only
the crucifix. Well. then. you've
brought it on yourself. Paddy.
I heard about your behaviour in the
church. About my what? My behaviour?
If you let loose your magazine
in the desert. you kick up sand.
If you do it here.
people are watching.
And God is watching.
Look. you don't even hate.
Not really. You just... You get mad
and then you squeeze the trigger.
And then you make other people mad
to make your madness seem all right.
Jesus Christ. Jimmy.
that's fucking...
Speaking as someone who
doesn't usually give a toss.
you have to change. Paddy.
Someone has to make you change.
Be it God. or me...
..or the ghost of
that Catholic boy
that you left buried
in the desert.
I wish to speak with the Colonel
who ordered me and my
men into a deathtrap.
Hand that to Greville-Bell.
Dismissed. Yes. sir.
My order to you to break
bread with people who had
bad intentions was the result
of a misjudgment on my part.
I trusted Father
Cavalli. I was wrong.
You were right. I apologise.
I will accept your apology
on one condition. Ah!
I would like to request
that Staff Sergeant Almonds
is transferred to
join my detachment.
Paddy. after the attack on
Cannizzaro. you will embark
for the mainland. where part of our
mission is about hearts and minds...
I need a man with Staff Sergeant
Almonds' specific capabilities.
Paddy. engage with what
I'm saying. I am engaging.
Staff Sergeant Almonds is
a religious man himself.
Perhaps he might be able to advise
me with regards to my behaviour.
Oh. Even just now. he and
I exchanged a few words.
and I am already
considering those words.
His advice to me is
that I must change.
You see. the problem with you.
Paddy. as well as everything else -
the good and the bad - is
that you are very. very smart.
I suck my thumb. you see. sir.
You use your deplorable
behaviour on this island
as an argument for stealing
away one of my best men.
No. it's the name of the
SAS that has been stolen.
Request denied.
Major Paddy Mayne.
Now. you have one hour
to gather your troops
and fuck off north
to Cannizzaro.
where the Germans. the Italians
and. most likely. the Sicilian Mafia
will be waiting for you.
Oh. I'd say one hour is
more than enough time for us
to organise our withdrawal from
this pretty wee seaside town
which. in many ways.
reminds me so much of home.
Sir.
Gosh.
Very good.
Woo-ho-ho-ho-ho!
This is Fascist Government
money. lads. remember that.
Fill your nets.
No pasaran. eh. Pad? Go on by.
OK. roll up. roll up!
Paddy! I thought the Resistenza
made us all look a
wee bit pedestrian...
..so help your
fucking selves. like.
I. er. gave the donkey
the Freedom of the City.
and we left the churches alone.
Paddy. as per your orders.
Not my fucking orders.
That man's orders.
What did you tell your CO?
I told him that
if he let me go...
..that I would take charge
of Paddy Mayne's mortal soul
till the day we reach Berlin.
Shook me hand and
wished me luck.
Reg.
Johnny.
Men of the SAS -
known to the
uninitiated as the SRS -
can I invite you to welcome
back my good friend.
my conscience and
my voice of reason?
Staff Sergeant Jimmy Almonds!
Hey. good man.
Cheers. lads.
Give me those field
glasses. will you?
Yeah.
♪ I look into your eyes
♪ Don't know where to turn
♪ I'm gonna drift into that void
♪ I'm flying through
space. I'm an asteroid... ♪
Oh. David!
♪ ..Time doesn't take
place when you're paranoid
♪ I'm thinking 'bout
you and nothing else
♪ Think about you.
you think about me
♪ Thinking 'bout you.
I'm counting the beat
♪ I'm thinking about you
♪ I'm thinking about me
♪ I'm thinking about
just you and me
♪ La-dah-de-de. there ain't
no place I'd rather be
♪ La-da-de-da. la-da-de-da
♪ Uh-uh-oh. uh-uh-uh-uh-oh
♪ I'm bleeding to death
♪ On a cloudless day
♪ A three-four heartbeat... ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm